
Problem Statement
    
Alex has a lot of contacts in his Hyper Instant Messenger (HIM), and
therefore, it takes some time to find the right contact. HIM supports
Contact Groups, and each contact can be placed into a group. However, HIM's
group support is rather limited. It allows for only one of the following two
scenarios: 1) Multiple groups, but every contact belongs to a single group,
or 2) All contacts exist only in a global contacts list (and no groups are
created).
It takes Alex k seconds to find an entry in any list of k entries. If groups
exist, HIM will first show a list of all the groups, and once a group is
selected, a list of all contacts within that group will be displayed. If
groups do not exist, HIM will simply show a single list containing all the
contacts in the global list. For example, if Alex has 5 contacts in the
global list, it will take 5 seconds to find any one of them. If Alex splits
those contacts into two groups with 2 and 3 users each, it will first take
him 2 seconds to find the right group, and then 2 or 3 seconds to find the
right contact depending on which group he chooses.
You will be given an int N representing the total number of contacts.
Arrange the contacts optimally (either in one global contacts list or in
several groups) such that the maximal time needed to find a contact is
minimized. Return this time.
Definition
    
Class:
IMGroups
Method:
optimalTime
Parameters:
int
Returns:
int
Method signature:
int optimalTime(int N)
(be sure your method is public)
    

Constraints
-
N will be between 1 and 1000000, inclusive.
Examples
0)

    
5
Returns: 5
The example from the problem statement.
1)

    
6
Returns: 5
Alex can arrange the contacts into 2 groups with 3 contacts each. The total
time needed to find any contact will be 2 seconds to find the right group
plus 3 seconds to find the right contact within that group.
2)

    
1000
Returns: 64

This problem statement is the exclusive and proprietary property of
TopCoder, Inc. Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this information
without the prior written consent of TopCoder, Inc. is strictly prohibited.
(c)2003, TopCoder, Inc. All rights reserved.
